 Today i'm going to show you -
A. How to create jar file in netbeans ?
B. How to create .exe file ?
C. How to create setup file from .exe file ?










































A How to create jar file in netbeans?

step 1. Open your project on netbeans.

step 2. select your project and right click on it, choose clean and build option.
 
step 3. Now, jar file have been created in your project folder.







































B. How to create .exe file ?

step 1. First, you need to download a software named as Launch4j and install on your computer.
  
step 2. Output file: Here, you have to specify path where you want to save your .exe file and also specify name of your .exe file.
 
step 3. Jar: select jar file of your application.

step 4. Icon: Suppose you want a icon of your .exe file for that your specify icon path.
  
step 5. select JRE tab,Mention jre version in x.x.x format.

step 6. Suppose you would like to run your application on system where jre not previously install then
        you need to bundle up jre with your .exe file after that your application work properly whether computer have jre or not.

step 7. click on save and then build wrapper.






































C. How to create setup file?

step 1. Before starting to create step file first  you need to download a software named as Inno setup compiler.

step 2. Open it, and select 'Create a new script file using script wizard' radio button click ok.

step 3. Give application name, version , publisher , and application website.

step 4. Select application destination.

step 5. Select  .exe file that you made from jar file and all library files as well as other files that are related to your application.
Note: If your applicaton have library file's or databse file's then you must include all these file in your step file 
Otherwise your application does not work.

step 6. Include license if you have and other application related information.

step 7. select custom compiler folder that means select destination where setup file will be stored.

step 8. Give icon to your setup file.

step 9. Finish.























										Thanks for watching.
























   	